---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

<h2> Academic </h2>
I am an incoming <b>Ph.D</b> student from <b>Electrical and Computer Engineering</b>, <b>The Ohio State University</b>.
I was a <b>Master of Applied Science</b> student from <b>Electrical and Computer Engineering</b>, <b>University of Waterloo</b>. My research focuses on <b>multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL)</b> and <b>computational sprinting</b>.<br>
<h2> Personal Interest </h2>
In addition to my current research, I am also interested in psychology and neuroscience. How do people perceive the world around them? Do people actually 'see' the 'real world'? What is consciousness? Our perception of the world is shaped by the signals generated by the brain. The human brain is indeed a highly complex and intricate organ, often described as the most complex biological structure known to science. The intersection of AI and the study of the human brain is a fascinating and rapidly evolving area. If possible, I am willing to conduct research in this intersectional area in the future. <br>
<h2> Some thoughts </h2>
I believe that sometimes the most remarkable individuals are the ones who fly under the radar. This philosophy is beautifully captured in my favorite movie, <b><i>The Imitation Game</i></b>. One quote from the film has resonated deeply with me: "<i>Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine.</i>" These words inspire me to embrace the potential within myself.<br>